W-226911422-metric-names-duke (and  W-22878031 build fix tweaks) (#471)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-custom-metrics-connector.adoc

From *Custom Dashboards* in Anypoint Monitoring, you can add custom metrics to a custom dashboard to visualize the custom metrics you defined in your app.

> [IMPORTANT]

Author: @vimil-saju Just this change. The others are small fixes to other things.

> To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the name no longer appears in the list of metrics available as a *metric_name* value. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 

Author: ```suggestion
To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the name no longer appears in the list of metrics available as a *metric_name* value in the advanced chart configuration UI. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 
```

> Custom metrics appear in the metric_name dropdown list only after an app starts emitting measurements for that metric. A custom metric that doesn't produce measurements for two consecutive days no longer appears in the list. To use a custom metric, add it to a chart while it's still actively producing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom metrics appear in the *metric_name* dropdown list only after an app starts emitting measurements for that metric. A custom metric that doesn't produce measurements for two consecutive days no longer appears in the list. To use a custom metric, add it to a chart while it's still actively producing data.
```

> To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart configuration within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the metric name no longer appears in the list of *metric_name* values in the advanced chart configuration UI. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 

Author: From @vimil-saju: 

A custom metric that does not produce measurements for two consecutive days will no longer appear in the metric_name dropdown in the advanced chart configuration UI.
To use a custom metric, add it to a chart while it is still actively producing data.
Custom metrics appear in the dropdown only after an app starts emitting measurements for that metric.

> To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart configuration within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the metric name no longer appears in the list of *metric_name* values in the advanced chart configuration UI. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 

Author: ```suggestion
Custom metrics appear in the metric_name dropdown list only after an app starts emitting measurements for that metric. A custom metric that doesn't produce measurements for two consecutive days no longer appears in the list. To use a custom metric, add it to a chart while it's still actively producing data.
```

> To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the name no longer appears in the list of metrics available as a *metric_name* value in the advanced chart configuration UI. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 

Author: ```suggestion
To use a custom metric, you must add it to a chart configuration within two days of creating the metric. After two days, the metric name no longer appears in the list of *metric_name* values in the advanced chart configuration UI. Custom metrics appear in the dropdown after an app produces logs on the custom metric. 
```
